Sofia Lotsoff

Data sources:
      The website, bandsintown, is the only data source used in this project. The website was crawled, thus there are no API keys or client secrets needed for an outside user to access data sources. The 2 functions in the code that crawl bandsintown are: get_concert_info() and get_popular_event_info(). The are automatically called while the program runs.

Code structure:
      The code is structured by many functions that are activated once the user begins interacting with the program. The main data processing functions include the following:

          process_genre() -- Depending on the command entered by the user, this function has several different select statements to return specific information about different concerts (it can return information about concerts for a specific genre, artist, month, or city only).

          process_popular() -- Depending on the command entered by the user, this function has two select statements to return specific information about popular events (it can return information about popular events occurring in a specific month or city only).

          process_genre_command() -- This function makes a request using the caching code, only writing to a csv file if the user has not already entered that specific genre. This way, the csv file does not contain duplicate information, and consequently, there is no duplicate information added to the database.

          process_popular_command() -- This function makes a request using the caching code, only writing to a csv file if the user has not already entered the command "popular". This way, the csv file does not contain duplicate information, and consequently, there is no duplicate information added to the database.

User guide:
      The purpose of this program is to allow the user to search for concerts by a specific genre and also access a list of popular events nearby them. The program includes several commands that the user can enter to specify their search results, as well as four different commands that can be entered to generate different visualizations for the data generated by their searches.

      *Note that the data visualization options are accessible towards the end of the program, and the user will be prompted to enter certain commands in order to access those visualizations.*

      There are two main commands that the user is able to enter, along with additional search parameters that are distinct to each of the two main commands. The two main commands are:
      * type
      * pop

      When prompted, the user can also enter in the "popular" command to receive a list of popular events near them without any filtering of information by parameters.

      With the "type" command, the user can search through information about various concerts, according to the specified parameters.
      Here is a list of the parameters supported by the "type" command, their descriptions, and examples of how the user should enter them.
            * genre=<genre>
            Description: specifies a genre within which you can limit the results.
            For example: if you enter "type genre=Country" the results will only have information about events in the Country genre.

            * artist=<artist>
            Description: specifies an artist within which you can limit the results.
            For example: if you enter "type artist=Alan Turner" the results will only have information about events including that artist.

            * month=<3-letter month abbreviation>
            Description: specifies a month within which you can limit the results. Must enter in the 3-letter abbreviation for that month.
            For example: if you enter "type month=Apr" the results will only have information about events occurring in that month.

            * city=<city>
            Description: specifies a city within which you can limit the results.
            For example: if you enter "type city=Ann Arbor" the results will only have information about events in that city.

      With the "pop" command the user can search through the information about popular events in their area, according to the specified parameters. Here is a list of the parameters supported by the "pop" command, their descriptions, and examples of how the user should enter them.

            * city=<city>
            Description: specifies a city within which you can limit the results.
            For example: if you enter: "pop city=Detroit" the results will only have information about events in Detroit.

            * state=<state>
            Description: specifies a state within which you can limit the results. Must enter in the two-letter state abbreviation for that state.
            For example: if you enter: "type state=MI" the results will only have information about events in Michigan.

      Here are a list of other commands and their descriptions that the user can enter when prompted to:
            * next
            Description: If prompted with this option, you can move on to another part of the program.

            * exit
            Description: If prompted with this option, you can leave the program.

      When prompted towards the end of the program's run, the user can enter in the following different commands to generate different data visualizations about concerts and popular events near them:
            * 1
              Use this command to see a map of cities with concerts happening soon
            * 2
              Use this command to see a map of the locations of venues for concerts happening soon
            * 3
              Use this command to see a bar chart for the amount of popular events occurring at certain venues
            * 4
              Use this command to see a pie chart for the distribution of popular events occurring at certain venues
